#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
adal==1.2.7
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   msrestazure
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp-retry
    #   azureml-metrics
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiohttp-retry==2.8.3
    # via promptflow-evals
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via pyrit
applicationinsights==0.11.10
    # via azureml-telemetry
argcomplete==3.4.0
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   knack
    #   promptflow-devkit
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
art==6.1
    # via pyrit
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
azure-ai-contentsafety==1.0.0
    # via pyrit
azure-ai-generative[evaluate]==1.0.0b3
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-ai-ml==1.13.0
    # via
    #   azure-ai-resources
    #   pyrit
azure-ai-resources==1.0.0b7
    # via azure-ai-generative
azure-cognitiveservices-speech==1.38.0
    # via pyrit
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-ai-ml
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   azureml-core
azure-core==1.30.2
    # via
    #   azure-ai-contentsafety
    #   azure-ai-ml
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-core
    #   azure-monitor-opentelemetry-exporter
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   azure-storage-file-share
    #   azureml-core
    #   msrest
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   pyrit
azure-graphrbac==0.61.1
    # via azureml-core
azure-identity==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azureml-metrics
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   pyrit
azure-keyvault==4.2.0
    # via azureml-metrics
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.8.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.9.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.8.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-mgmt-authorization==4.0.0
    # via azureml-core
azure-mgmt-containerregistry==10.3.0
    # via azureml-core
azure-mgmt-core==1.4.0
    # via
    #   azure-ai-ml
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
azure-mgmt-keyvault==10.3.1
    # via azureml-core
azure-mgmt-network==25.4.0
    # via azureml-core
azure-mgmt-resource==22.0.0
    # via
    #   azure-ai-resources
    #   azureml-core
azure-mgmt-storage==21.2.1
    # via azureml-core
azure-monitor-opentelemetry-exporter==1.0.0b27
    # via promptflow-devkit
azure-search-documents==11.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-storage-blob==12.20.0
    # via
    #   azure-ai-ml
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   pyrit
azure-storage-file-datalake==12.15.0
    # via azure-ai-ml
azure-storage-file-share==12.16.0
    # via azure-ai-ml
azureml-core==1.56.0
    # via
    #   azureml-metrics
    #   azureml-telemetry
azureml-metrics[generative-ai]==0.0.57
    # via azure-ai-generative
azureml-telemetry==1.56.0
    # via azureml-metrics
babel==2.15.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backports-tempfile==1.0
    # via azureml-core
backports-weakref==1.0.post1
    # via backports-tempfile
bcrypt==4.1.3
    # via paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.8.2
    # via flask
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   mlflow-skinny
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   flask
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via mlflow-skinny
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   azure-ai-ml
    #   promptflow-devkit
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
confusables==1.2.0
    # via pyrit
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via azureml-core
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-share
    #   msal
    #   paramiko
    #   promptflow-devkit
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   secretstorage
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datasets==2.14.4
    # via evaluate
debugpy==1.8.2
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
docker==7.1.0
    # via azureml-core
docutils==0.21.2
    # via promptflow-core
duckdb==0.10.0
    # via
    #   duckdb-engine
    #   pyrit
duckdb-engine==0.11.2
    # via pyrit
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
entrypoints==0.4
    # via mlflow-skinny
evaluate==0.4.2
    # via azureml-metrics
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.111.1
    # via promptflow-core
fastapi-cli==0.0.4
    # via fastapi
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   promptflow-devkit
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via promptflow-core
fixedint==0.1.6
    # via azure-monitor-opentelemetry-exporter
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restx
    #   promptflow-core
flask-cors==4.0.1
    # via promptflow-devkit
flask-restx==1.3.0
    # via promptflow-devkit
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.6.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   promptflow-devkit
google-api-core==2.19.1
    # via opencensus
google-auth==2.32.0
    # via google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   jupyterlab
    #   openai
    #   promptflow-devkit
huggingface-hub==0.24.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   coloredlogs
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   opentelemetry-api
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via flask-restx
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pyrit
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.26.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.3
    # via jupyter
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   azure-ai-contentsafety
    #   azure-ai-ml
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   azure-storage-file-share
    #   msrest
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   azureml-metrics
    #   fastapi
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   knack
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpath-ng==1.6.1
    # via promptflow-evals
jsonpickle==3.2.2
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   pyrit
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   azure-ai-ml
    #   flask-restx
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
    #   promptflow-core
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via pyrit
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.3
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
keyring==24.3.1
    # via promptflow-devkit
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
knack==0.11.0
    # via azureml-core
logzero==1.7.0
    # via pyrit
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via
    #   azure-ai-ml
    #   promptflow-devkit
matplotlib==3.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mlflow-skinny==2.14.3
    # via
    #   azure-ai-generative
    #   azure-ai-resources
more-itertools==10.3.0
    # via jaraco-classes
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msal==1.30.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azureml-core
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azureml-core
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   azure-ai-ml
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-monitor-opentelemetry-exporter
    #   azureml-core
    #   msrestazure
msrestazure==0.6.4
    # via
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azureml-core
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
mypy==1.10.1
    # via sqlalchemy-stubs
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via mypy
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via azureml-core
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   azureml-metrics
    #   ipykernel
notebook==7.2.1
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azureml-metrics
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pandas
    #   promptflow-evals
    #   pyarrow
    #   pyrit
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
onnx==1.16.1
    # via pyrit
onnxruntime==1.18.1
    # via pyrit
openai==1.35.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azureml-metrics
    #   openai-messages-token-helper
    #   promptflow-tracing
    #   pyrit
openai-messages-token-helper==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus==0.11.4
    # via
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-logging
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via opencensus
opencensus-ext-azure==1.1.13
    # via
    #   azure-ai-generative
    #   azure-ai-ml
opencensus-ext-logging==0.1.1
    # via
    #   azure-ai-generative
    #   azure-ai-resources
opentelemetry-api==1.25.0
    # via
    #   azure-monitor-opentelemetry-exporter
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common==1.25.0
    # via opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http==1.25.0
    # via promptflow-devkit
opentelemetry-proto==1.25.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
opentelemetry-sdk==1.25.0
    # via
    #   azure-monitor-opentelemetry-exporter
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   promptflow-tracing
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.46b0
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   knack
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   nbconvert
    #   onnxruntime
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azureml-metrics
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   promptflow-devkit
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
paramiko==3.4.0
    # via azureml-core
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via azureml-core
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   openai-messages-token-helper
    #   promptflow-devkit
pkginfo==1.11.1
    # via azureml-core
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via msal-extensions
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
promptflow-core==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   promptflow-devkit
    #   promptflow-evals
promptflow-devkit==1.13.0
    # via promptflow-evals
promptflow-evals==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
promptflow-tracing==1.13.0
    # via promptflow-core
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opentelemetry-proto
    #   proto-plus
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   azure-monitor-opentelemetry-exporter
    #   azureml-metrics
    #   ipykernel
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   promptflow-core
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via datasets
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
    #   pyrit
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pydash==7.0.5
    # via
    #   azure-ai-ml
    #   promptflow-devkit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   knack
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-ai-ml
    #   azureml-core
    #   msal
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyodbc==5.1.0
    # via pyrit
pyopenssl==24.1.0
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   ndg-httpsclient
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
pyrit==0.3.0 ; python_version >= "3.10" and python_version < "3.12"
    # via -r requirements.in
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   adal
    #   arrow
    #   azureml-core
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   promptflow-core
    #   strictyaml
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   promptflow-devkit
    #   pyrit
    #   uvicorn
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via fastapi
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   flask-restx
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   azure-ai-ml
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   knack
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.5.15
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests[socks]==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   adal
    #   azure-core
    #   azureml-core
    #   azureml-metrics
    #   datasets
    #   docker
    #   evaluate
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mlflow-skinny
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via msrest
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.19.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via promptflow-core
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via ruamel-yaml
safetensors==0.4.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.1
    # via pyrit
scipy==1.14.0
    # via scikit-learn
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   keyring
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   azure-core
    #   bleach
    #   isodate
    #   msrestazure
    #   opencensus
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.28
    # via
    #   duckdb-engine
    #   promptflow-devkit
    #   pyrit
sqlalchemy-stubs==0.4
    # via pyrit
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via mlflow-skinny
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
strictyaml==1.7.3
    # via
    #   azure-ai-ml
    #   promptflow-devkit
sympy==1.13.0
    # via onnxruntime
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   knack
    #   promptflow-devkit
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   azureml-metrics
    #   pyrit
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via pyrit
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via
    #   openai-messages-token-helper
    #   promptflow-tracing
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via
    #   pyrit
    #   transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via azureml-metrics
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   azure-ai-ml
    #   azureml-metrics
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
transformers==4.42.4
    # via pyrit
typer==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-cli
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
types-requests==2.32.0.20240712
    # via pyrit
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   azure-ai-ml
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   azure-storage-file-share
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   mypy
    #   openai
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pydash
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-stubs
    #   typer
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   docker
    #   promptflow-evals
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.30.1
    # via fastapi
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
waitress==2.1.2
    # via promptflow-devkit
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.6.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   promptflow-evals
websockets==12.0
    # via uvicorn
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-restx
widgetsnbextension==4.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated
xxhash==3.4.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.19.2
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
